Add notify entity platform to System Bridge (#45496)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/system_bridge.markdown

The integration provides an update component, which will notify you when a new version of the app is available.

## Notifiers

> The **System Bridge** {% term integration %} adds a notify {% term entity %} for your configured device. To send a notification, you can use the `notify.send_message` {% term action %}. For more customizable notifications, you can use the [notify platform](#notifications-notifysystem_bridge_hostname) instead. For further instructions on how to use **Notifiers** in automations, please see the [getting started with automation page](/getting-started/automation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **System Bridge** {% term integration %} adds a notify {% term entity %} for your configured device. To send a notification, you can use the `notify.send_message` {% term action %}. For more customizable notifications, you can use the [notify platform](#notifications-notifysystem_bridge_hostname) instead. For further instructions on using notifiers in automations, refer to the [getting started with automation page](/getting-started/automation/).
```

{% example %}
action: |
  action: notify.send_message
  data:
    title: "Reminder"
    message: "Have you considered frogs?"
  target:

>     entity_id: notify.my_device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  target:
    entity_id: notify.my_device
  data:
    title: "Reminder"
    message: "Have you considered frogs?"
```
I don't thinks its incorrect that way, but I think we usually place the target before the data block in examples
